Even if I don't change
The concubine wants to report the fornication of the concubine
Shhh!
Madam is cautious
I can't read that.
And according to my husband
There are no Western concubines in the palace
It seems that I think too much
madam
Hey, it's troublesome to have too many men.
Hmm salsa
What do you want from me?
The housekeeper sent it over and asked me to give my wife a purpose. Okay
It's delivered, you can go.
Are you tired, madam?
Shanshan, pinch your shoulders for you.
Madam, do you think he is so fierce?
It's like Shanshan will hum to Mrs.
I'll take a closer look at that ledger
You go first
Humph
Can't let him take advantage of his wife's disappointment
Chunyu Shanshan belongs to the emperor
He was kind enough to remind me
Madam, you'd better stay away from him
What about you? Who are you?
Of course I
It's the lady's
madam
Is this a hint that I'm staying the night?